The Red Scar Subsector
A relatively lawless region of space around the Baal system that experiences high levels of poisonous stellar radiation making colonisation difficult and lives short. The region is still seen as important however, due to its proximity to Baal and the known presence of archeotech caches for those able to brave the harsh conditions of the region. 

Deathwatch Force: Scar's Watch Watch Fortress

The Deathwatch watch fortress of Scar's Watch is in reality  a small fleet which patrols the Red Scar region of space for Tyranid and other xenos activity. After Tyranid invasion of the sector, culminating in the siege of Baal, there is still substantial Tyranid activity with splinter tendrils and opportunistic raids by xenos and heretic's alike. The creation of the watch fortress was recommend by both Lord Route Guilliman and Commander Dante to ensure that Baal remain a relatively stable lynch pin within the Imperium Nihilius.
Although a relatively young watch fortress, each member of the force is a seasoned veteran. There are a greater number of Dark Angels and Blood Angels succesor chapter members in the Scars Watch than would be expected. The Blood Angels can be explained by the close proximity to Baal, however for the Dark Angels successors this is less clear; it may be that there are Fallen Angels active in the sector that tehy wish to capture.
The physical watch fortress itself is a refitted Hecate Class Heavy Cruiser fitted with training grounds and the facilities of a watch fortress, with escort vessels functioning as bases of operation for each watch company. The Watch Fortress has five watch companies, each with a watch captain. The watch fortress has a good relationship with the Ordo Xenos but are relatively independant and free to defend ther region as they wish.
Watch Fortress Hecate Heavy Cruiser: Vigilance
Watch Station Strike Crusier: Will of Terra
Watch Station Escort: Black Ruination
Watch Station Escort: Triumph of Baal
Watch Station Escort: Shield Breaker

Watch Master Sanguone: Sanguone of the Blood Angels served at Talasa Prime as a Watch Captain, having spent substantial amounts of time fighting the Tyranids within Ultramar. During his service he some Ultramarian patience and restraint and uses this along side his blood given fury to great effect. 
Watch Captain Gharkov: A stout scion of the Guardians of Covenant, like other Dark Angels successors he is secretive and taciturn. He is watch captain of the first watch company and like many Dark Angels successors within the Death Watch seretly keeps a vigil for Fallen Angels in the sector. Often seen riding his bike and wielding a relic chainsword.
High Watch Chaplain Fistmandius: Permenantly assigned to the Deathwatch from the Angel of Vigilance. This chapter does not openly identify as a Dark Angels successor but they are infact a Dark Angels Successor Chapter. Performs the funtion of High Chaplain for Scars Watch while also fulfilling a second secretive role as an Interregator Chaplain if Fallen Angels are found. Wields a power fist and a crozius arcanum.
Sanguinary Priest Estoban: Of the Blood Drinkers chapter. Ministers to the needs of any brothers who might be at risk of the red thirst and black rage.
Iron Priest Bjorn: Of the Moon Eaters chapter, a Space Wolves successor.


Plague Marine Warband - Pestilent Brethren / Apostles of Contagion
Ruled by a cast of biologians intent on creating new and varied diseases and pestilences. They experiment on dipping victims in order to bring them into the blessing of Nurgle and free them from sadness and pain.
Maintain a large number of vehicles and 
Plague Planet - Phlegmus

Phlegmus. Weepmire. Gleet. Superia. Phleximus

Ruled by a cast of biologians intent on creating new and varied diseases and pestilences. They experiment on dipping victims in order to bring them into the blessing of Nurgle and free them from sadness and pain.
The pools are so saturated with disease that it creates a gunky portal through to Nurgles own garden, from which they can travel to over worlds.
Khajikes V
Created plagues nearby worlds. Plague victims then went to Khajikes V. Bodies in plague pits piled up, creating a lot of disease which allowed another purple. 


Hive Fleet Leviathan
Hive fleet leviathan have some remaining tendrils in the region as well as infestations and genestealer cult incursions on many worlds that need rooting out.

Chaos Knights: The Tyrants of Kollosi
The Fallen Knights of House Raven who call themselves the Tyrants of Kollosi occasionally frequent the sector. They appear to be sometimes allies of both the Iron Warriors and Deathguards, but also have been seen fighting both factions. They generally look to be recovering relics associated with House Raven or the Forge World Metalica. Their minds have been twisted by the Demon Prince Belakor taking their homeworld of Kollosi and now they see loyal imperial forces as traitors and are not aware of their own corruption.

Iron Warriors Warband: The Thrice Forged.
Organisation 
Warsmith: Dravere
Other ranks within the warband: 
Over captain
Trenchlord
Arch-Sapper
Warp Lord
Taskmaster
Dark-Logister
Master-Engineseer
Sergeant
Trenchmaster

Thrice Forged Background
The 18th Company of the 9th Grand Company, "The Thrice Forged" value acquisition of knowledge and personal improvement above all else. A great many warpsmiths and sorcerers and estorcists lead their ranks and even the basic line infantry are expected to a significant amount of time reading grimoires and manuals. 
They are named the Thrice Forged due to the three symbolic "Forgings" they undergo. The first was the apothesosis from base line human to legionary. The second was the heresy and the acceptance of more arcane and demonic practices by the legion. And the third is remaking of self achieved by the highest members of the company; this can be heavy cybnernisation, gene manipulation, daemonic ascension or the harnessed blessings of a particular chaos god.  
Originally based in their Fortress-Librarium "Bastion Arcana Technica" on Medrenguard, a place of vast knowledge and industry where knowledge was not gathered but utilised in the surrounding foundries and daemonforges. The thrice forged developed a type of neural implant that turned people into obenident slaves, enabling them to keep their forges, factories and rituals running day and night.
Victims of their own successes, their Bastion was attacked and after a lengthy siege they were forced to evacuate, triggering a stasis bomb to trap the central keep in time.
Now the Thrice Forged operate from their fleet of factory ships, forgeships and bullish assault vessels in a quest to not only continue gathering lost and forbidden knowledge but also the strength to re-take the Bastion Arcana Technica. 

Wargear
The Thrice Forged are not as prudish as some Iron Warriors tend to be. They see chaos as a tool and tools are meant to be used. If a Thrice Forged member receives the blessing of Nurgle and becomes near indestructible, while on the whole retaining his form and self through judicious use of bionics then it is seen as a boon. Likewise, possession of bionics or infection with modified variants of the obliterator virus are seen as valid means of attaining personal power and improvement. The end justifies the means; after all knowledge is power and you must be powerful to guard your knowledge.
The Thrice Forged have a great many identured labourers and soldiers who they actively "recruit" from worlds they pass. The primary means of recruit is forceful implantation control devices that instil obedience, resulting in unimaginative but obedient and fearless human forces. 
Among the legionaries, the mathematics of battle is applied with a preference for ranged warfare except where a potential cache of knowledge is involved. In this situation, the thrice forged will engage in brutal close quarters engagements ensuring none are left behind to hinder their acquisition of knowledge and archeaotech.

Thrice Forged Plague marines: Trenchmaster Golg's squad.
They never noticed the changes that overcame them . Finding themselves becoming ostracised from the rest of their warband after returning from fighting the deathguard in the something sector, Dorgus 'Rustclaw' and his squad found themselves restricted to the ship's bilges. They gathered servitors and thralls around them to aid in gathering supplies and communication and dourly accepted a raiding mission on TAU held space in the hope it might go some way towards improving their standing once again. 

Lord Discordant: Dark Logister Haxen
"""Lord Haxen's mount let's out a static laced shriek as it rears back then comes crashing back down to the ground in front of the slave soldiers lining the street. Each one's face is expressionless, their emotions cut short by the crude inhibitor's stapled to the back of their heads. In a droning monotone, Dravere addresses the mass of troops:
"Indentured cohort 319, prepare to attack the settlement. My Daemon Engines have a thirst for souls that must be sated soon, or it shall be you who will become their sustanance. Iron Within!""""

Cultists - Indentured cohort 319
Human Auxilliary troops used by The Thrice Forged to dig trenches, man defensive positions, clear minefields, make assaults on fortified positions and act as meat shields.
"""Marcus huddled down in the damp trench and clutched his battered old autogun tightly. He looked around and to either side he saw more indentured soldiers, dressed like him in khaki fatigues and a motly assortment of brushed steel armour plating, each clutching a weapon. Some were lucky enough to have salvaged lasguns, others simply an autopistol and a bent piece of piping. 
Marcus scratched at the skin around the device stapled to the back of his head. The iron lords said they were compulsory for all indentured soldiers and he had been happy to accept anything in order to get out of the foundaries.
A missile flew over head and exploded out of sight. Whistles began to blow and incoming bolt rounds began to explode against the top and back wall of the parapet. God's, oh god's, they are coming. The blue death. 
A piercing burst of static blurted for a moment and then an emotionless voice, as if from inside his own head urged "Stand and face the enemy. Do not let them pass". Despite his fear, Marcus's body acted anyway, the implant urging it to obey. Through the smoke he saw them... Giants in blue power armour, the hated aquilla on their chest. He wanted to run but his body was rooted to the spot. So he raised his autogun to his shoulder, ready to fire..."""

Daemon Prince: Over Captain Rulous: 

Rulous, Tyrant of Nova-Endlion and master of Thrice Forged, strode towards the enemy. Every footfall caused the ground to tremor slightly, his body a collosus forged through forbidden techno-sorcery and human sacrifice. There was the occasional actinic bang as an incoming round struck his shield and then had the kinetic energy dispersed in a thunderous arc which grounded itself in a nearby indentured-soldier. All the wretches nearby had been annointed so that they could act as life-wards for the Iron Warriors commander, their own lives being used to pay the deadly price of any shots that were deflected by the heretical technology of his shield. Ruluos cared not - their lives were to be spent as coin, squandered or invested as he saw fit. 

The oversized and antiquated double barreled bolter perched on his shoulder rotated and barked out a burst of rounds, a bright purple muzzle flair preceding the release of the rounds which lazily streaked away as if being shot through treacle. The demon bolts still found their marks and imploded on impact, wrenching their target (whole or in part) into the warp. 